The so - called golden - collar gentry are essentially nothing but brain - workers with high income.
所谓的“金领贵族”实质上不过是高收入的脑力劳动者而已。
What will you do if the debt collector comes down on you?
要是讨债人来向你要钱,你怎么办?
The tides slide on the tidy wide beach and collide each other.
海潮在整洁宽阔的海滩上滑行并相互碰撞
Who was at the helm when the collision occurred?
当碰撞发生时,谁在掌舵?
A colony of seals lay basking in the sun.  colony
一群海豹躺着晒太阳.
But just before the competition closed, a lorry arrived at the factory with a truly colossal biscuit which weighed 2400 pounds.
但是竞赛赐要结束, 一辆卡车来到了工厂,带来一块真正巨大的饼干,它的重量是2400磅
Colourful neon lights were hung here and there during National Day.
国庆节期间到处挂着彩灯.
Rule off the column and we'll close the account at that date.
画线把那栏隔开,我们将按那个日期结账.
The comedian's joke elicited applause and laughter from the audience.
那位滑稽演员的笑话博得观众的掌声和笑声.
He has enough money so that he can live in comfort.
他有很多钱,足可舒舒服服过日子.
We shouldn't seek after comfort, personal fame , or gain.
我们不应该贪图安逸, 追名逐利
The word " armchair " has connotations of comfort and relaxation.
armchair这个词隐含着舒适悠然的意思.
The bed will be more comfortable if you smooth out the sheets.
如果你把床单弄平,睡在床上会更舒服.
I was surprised at the plush red carpeting and comfortable chairs.
我对华美的红地毯和舒适的椅子感到惊讶.
She found his voice strangely comforting.
不知为何,她觉得他的声音让人感觉安慰.
Beside Shakespeare, Marlowe strikes us as an immature dramatist, especially in his comic scenes.
和莎士比亚相比, 马洛给我们的印象是一个不成熟的戏剧家, 特别是他的喜剧场面
Common salt is a compound of sodium and chlorine.
食盐是钠和氯的复合物.
By the age of two most children have begun to communicate verbally.
大多数孩子两岁时就开始用说话沟通.
The Fourth of July domestic culinary pyromania is followed by community pyrotechnics.
七月四日,人们在家里食完人间烟火,接下去就是社区的烟花会.
She used her good looks to compensate her lack of intelligence.
她利用她漂亮的外表来弥补智力的不足.
The firm must compensate you for your traveling costs.
这家公司必须偿付给你差旅费.
Nothing can compensate for the loss of one's health.
一个人失去了键康是不可弥补的.
There they compile precious documents on the manners, government, religion, fauna and flora of the country.
他们在这里搜集了不少关于风俗 、 政府 、 宗教 、 当地动植物等方面的宝贵资料.
The burden of his complaint was that quality was very poor.
他投诉的要点是品质非常差.
He found his way through the complex maze of corridors.
他穿过了迷宮一样的走廊.
His complex anger flamed afresh , and Ruth was in terror of him.
他的无名火又冒上来了, 罗丝见他真害怕.
A computer does complicated calculations in a few seconds.
有了计算机,繁复的计算几秒钟就能完成.
They decided to make a composition with their rivals.
他们决定和他们的对手妥协.
Try to keep your composure.
尽量保持平静.
The computer had made a great impact on modern life.
计算机对现代生活产生了巨大的影响.
At his instigation we conceal the fact from the authorities.
我们受他的怂恿向当局隐瞒了事实.
Man is tempted to live up to woman's idealised conception of himself.
男人一般很想使自己成为女人心目中理想化的他.
We must conclude that when the distance between the molecules is very small, there are forces of repulsion.
我们必须断定当分子间距离很小时, 就存在互相排斥的力量.
They gave me a very strange concoction to drink.
他们给我调制了一杯十分奇特的饮料.
We should make a concrete analysis of each specific question.
对于每个具体问题要进行具体分析.
Concrete is composed of cement, sand and gravel mixed with water.
混凝土由水泥 、 砂、石子与水掺和而构成.
Everywhere you look, you can see glass and concrete monstrosities going up.
到处你都能看到玻璃和混凝土的庞然大物拔地而起.
We condemn all sorts of slanders.
我们谴责一切诽谤中伤的言论.
From beginning to end his conduct had been despicable and wicked.
从头到尾他的行为既卑鄙又可恶.
I deliberated with him on his future course of conduct.
我和他一起讨论他将来的行动方针
The difficulties that confront us seem insuperable.
我们面临的困难似乎是不可克服的.
Don't confuse Austria with [ and ] Australia.
不要把奥地利与澳大利亚弄混 淆 了
The conscientious researcher is careful to avoid up the pole and omission.
那位一丝不苟的研究人员总是小心谨慎地避免错误或疏漏
He is very conscientious in the performance of his duties.
他非常认真地履行职责
In consequence of your bad work I am forced to dismiss you.
由于你的工作很糟,我不得不把你解雇.
Peter blurted out the news before he considered the consequence.
彼得未考虑后果就把消息泄露了.
The atmosphere consist of more than 70 % of nitrogen.
大气中含有70%以上的氮气.
The politician's actions do not consist with the promises in his speeches.
这个政治家的所作所为与他在讲演中的承诺并不一致.
Frank Bridge , the village constable , was severely reprimanding the two culprits.
村上的警察弗兰克·布里奇当时正在严厉地斥责那两个干坏事的人.
We have to consult his convenience in a matter of this kind.
对这样的事情,我们就听其自便吧.
If you have no idea about it, consult a dictionary, please.
要是你对这个问题不清楚, 请你查字典得了
Protection for the consumer is laid down by statute.
保障消费者利益已在法令里作了规定.
Many aborigines died when they came into contact with diseases.
很多土著人感染了疾病而死亡.
All over the world, oil spills regularly contaminate coasts.
在世界各地，油溢出物经常污染着海岸。
White cells contaminate the red cell and platelet components.
白细胞会“污染”红细胞和血小板制品
He lounged in an armchair in a stance of deliberate contempt.
他懒洋洋地躺在扶手椅里,故意摆出一种轻蔑的架势.
The research content is the pattern design of upholstery fabrics.
研究内容是家用纺织品图案设计.
You will have to content yourself with what you have.
你应该满足于你所拥有的一切.
We must not be contented with such a small success.
我们不应该满足于这样的小成就.
The study of English requires effort and contention of mind.
学习英语需要勤奋和精神上的毅力.
Athletes have to train continuously to stay in peak condition.
运动员必须不断训练才能保持最佳竞技状态.
How many delegates have checked in at the convention?
大会已有多少代表报到?
Convention dictates that a minister should resign in such a situation.
依照常规部长在这种情况下应该辞职.
The first movement is a conventional symphonic Allegro.
第一乐章是传统的交响乐快板.
The gold was reached the bank's vault under convoy of armed guards.
这些黄金在武装警卫的护运下安全运达银行保险库.
Behind his cool exterior lurks a reckless and frustrated person.
在冷酷的外表背后,他是一个鲁莽又不得志的人.
You must coordinate what you said with what you did.
你必须使你的言行一致.
The ship was wrecked on a coral reef.
这条船在珊瑚暗礁上撞毁了.
Corn starch is used as a thickener in stews.
玉米淀粉在炖煮菜肴中被用作增稠剂.
He must not measure his neighbour's corn by his own bushel.
他不应该拿自己的标准去衡量邻居.
The kit consisted of about twenty cosmetic items and a lady's shaver.
整套工具包括大约20种化妆用品和一个女士褪毛器。
The gorgeous costume added to the brilliance of the dance.
华丽的服装使舞蹈更加光彩夺目
The cottage gardens blaze with irises, lilies and peonies.
村舍花园万紫千红,鸢尾 、 百合花和牡丹竞相争艳.
This is the cottage where the bandits once holed up.
这就是土匪曾经藏身过的地方.
He is always benevolent towards his countryman.
他对同胞总是善悲为怀
I'm a countryman born and bred.
我是个土生土长的乡下人.
The young couple plan to upholster their bedroom with velvet.
小俩口打算用天鹅绒装饰他们的卧室.
Matrimonial vows are to show the faithfulness of the new couple.
婚誓体现了新婚夫妇对婚姻的忠诚.
Although blind by the explosion, he faced the future with unmatched courage.
他虽然因爆炸而失明, 但仍然能以无比的勇气面对未来
The court clerk will notify the witness when and where to appear.
法院办事员将通知证人出庭的时间及地点.
For the first time her veneer of politeness began to crack.
她温文尔雅的外表第一次露出破绽.
Lack of money cramped our efforts.
资金紧缺限制了我们的努力.
Crane is a kind of bird with very long legs and neck.
鹤是一种腿和脖子都很长的鸟
He will crawl anywhere if he can gain something by it.
他到处钻营,只要能有所得.
You'll have to work like crazy to get this finished.
你一定要拼命地把这份工作完成
I can't imagine lying like that. I would go crazy.
我无法想像那样躺着的情形, 我会发疯的.
The four stages of creative thought are preparation, incubation, illumination, and verification.
创造性思考的四个阶段是准备 、 沉思 、 启迪 、 求证.
You must be credulous if she fooled you with that story.
连她那种话都能把你骗倒,你一定是太容易相信别人了.
The crew seemed unable to right the capsized yacht.
水手们好像无法使倾覆的游艇翻过来.
Now that the situation becomes critical, one must keep calm.
事到临头, 要沉住气
The intensely critical spirit is often the narrow - minded and ignorant one.
极爱吹毛求疵的人往往是心胸狭窄和无知的人
I saw a man leveling a gun at a crow.
我看见一个人正用枪瞄准一只乌鸦.
The film gives a crude caricature of African history.
这部电影歪曲了非洲历史.
he cruiser knifed through the heavy sea.
巡洋舰穿过汹涌的大海.
The crust of the bread is burnt.The pastry crust was always underdone.
这块面包的外皮烤焦了.           馅饼的壳皮常常烤得不透
The current survey will have a wider geographical spread.
当前的调查将在更广泛的地域范围內进行.
Corrupt officials always try to draw the curtain over their corruption.
贪官污吏总是企图掩盖自己的腐败行为.
The murderer thrust a dagger into her heart.
凶手将匕首刺进她的心脏
He really cuts a dash in his smart new uniform.
他穿着漂亮的新制服真是神气十足.
The dashboard itself is divided into three vacuum Fluorescence Displays.
仪表板本身化分为三个真空荧光显示器.
It is easier to read by daylight than by lamplight.
在日光下读书比在灯光下读书舒适
he won't be able to deal with the situation; he's too ineffectual.
他无法应付局面, 他太无能了.
Dear madam, I am very glad and honoured to write to you.
亲爱的女士, 我能给你写信真是感到十分荣幸.
The board has so misconducted the company that it's deep in debt.
由于董事会对公司管理不善,公司负债累累.
Stop spending so fast, or you'll end us up in debt.
别花钱这么快, 否则你就要叫我们背债了.
A man of moral integrity never resorts to deception.
明人不做暗事.
When the shots rang out, everyone hit the deck.
就在枪声传来的时候, 大伙都躺倒在地.
The grit beneath her soles grated harshly on the wooden deck.
粘在她鞋底的沙砾蹭在木甲板上发出刺耳的声音.
You need to decorate your mind with virtue.
你应该用德行美化心灵.
She opened the door for me and threw herself in my arms, screaming joyously and demanding that we decorate the tree immediately.
她打开门,直扑我的怀抱, 欣喜地喊叫着要马上装饰圣诞树.
To my father I dedicate this volume in token of affection and gratitude.
我谨以此书献给我的父亲,以表示对他的爱戴和感激之情.
The police were able to deduce where the fugitive was hiding.
警方成功地推断出那逃亡者躲藏的地方.
The strike caused a great delay in the delivery of the mail.
这次罢工严重地延误了邮件的投递.
He doesn't really have an alternative suggestion; he's just being deliberately obstructive.
他并非真有其他建议, 只不过是有意作梗
The opera was an aural as well as a visual delight.
这部歌剧对于听觉和视觉都是一种享受.
I love the delightful odour of freshly roasted coffee beans.
我喜欢新烘咖啡豆的清香气味.
This was not optimism, it was delusion.
这不是乐观，这是妄想。
She is standing for the Democratic Party presidential nomination.
她是民主党提名的总统候选人
Recent events demonstrate the need of change in policy.
最近的事态表明政策需要改变.
He is so dense, he'll never understand your message.
他很笨, 绝不会理解你的意思.
Jack had the hardihood to deny what he has done.
杰克厚颜地否认了自己所干的事.
They falsify or deny whatever doesn't suit their books.
他们篡改或者否定任何不符合他们意见的东西.
Her row with the MD probably hastened her departure.
她与总裁的争吵很可能加速了她的离去
The charity is totally dependent on the Church's bounty.
慈善业完全依靠全体基督徒的慷慨赠予.
They are dependent upon importation from foreign countries for cotton and grain.
他们的粮、棉依赖从国外进口.
The author tried to depict the splendor of the sunset.
作家试图摹写落日的光彩.
They bristled at his denigrating description of their activities.
听到他在污蔑他们的活动,他们都怒发冲冠.
The enemy chieftain was opposed and deserted by his followers.
敌人头目众叛亲离.
Everything she does is motivated only by a desire for money.
她所做的一切都是为了钱.
Byron affected to despise posterity.
拜伦假装轻视后裔.
He is kind and friendly despite his rather bluff manner.
他为人厚道,待人亲切,虽然态度有点粗鲁.
Life can be likened to a journey with an unknown destination.
生活可以被比作一次不知目的的旅行.
They encountered untold difficulties and dangers before they reached their destination.
他们经历过数不尽的艰难险阻才到达目的地.
To hedge around a partnership of love with control by law would be to destroy its base of trust in one another.
以法律限制来束缚爱情的结合将毁掉彼此信任的基础.
hey are agreed in principle but not in detail.
他们的看法在大体上是一致的,但是在细节上有所不同.
They depicted the thrilling situation to us in great detail.
他们向我们详细地描述了那激动人心的场面
He had made a detailed study of the terrain.
他对地形作了缜密的研究
The store detective was keeping a close eye on a suspected shoplifter.
商店的保安当时正严密监视一个可疑的商店扒手
That firm arrogated itself the right to develop this area.
那家企业冒称有权开发这一地区.
The course aims to develop the children's appreciation of music in performance.
该课程旨在培养孩子欣赏音乐演奏的能力.
White supremacists devise new Methods: To disenfranchise Negroes.
白人至上论者想出新的方法以剥夺黑人的公民权.
The outline of the mountain in the distance is dim.
远处山脉的轮廓隐隐约约.
Diminish the revenue by reducing tax.
由于减税而使这个国家的税收减少
The dinghy gathered speed as the wind filled her sails.
风鼓起了帆,小帆船加快了速度.
This train is direct, you do not have to change.
这辆火车是直达的, 你不必换车.
His bad health is a great disadvantage to him.    We were put at a serious disadvantage.
他身体不好是他的不利之处.我们被置于非常不利的地位
His apparent unwillingness would disappear if we paid him enough.
如果我们付足了钱,他露出的那副不乐意的神情就会消失.
Price control would gradually disappear in favor of a free market.
价格控制逐渐被自由市场所代替
The disappearance of the papers has never been accounted for.
那些文件丢得莫名其妙
The speech was most disappointing, It skirted round all the main questions.
这篇演讲非常令人失望, 它回避了所有主要的问题.
The disaster was seen as a judgement from on high.
这一灾难被视为上天的惩罚.
We should discard old beliefs.
我们应该抛弃旧观念
On no account should we discard our fine traditions and styles of work.
好传统、好作风绝不能扔掉
This is a new discovery that had a number of industrial applications.
这是一项有多种工业用途的新发明.
Slowly the ship moored, and people began to disembark.
船徐徐停住, 便有许多人上岸去.
Macao altogether has 28 banks, including 3 disembark banks.
澳门共有28家银行, 包括3家离岸银行.
We'll to stay here overnight. Please take your belongings and to disembark.
我们将在这里过夜, 请拿好随身物品预备下飞机
The dish is too shallow to serve soup in.
盘子太浅,盛不了汤.
Here is a dish that will revive jaded palates.
这道菜简直可以恢复迟钝的味觉
He sat down to a great dish of macaroni.
他坐下来吃了一大碗通心粉.
I dislike the man; he has such a sharp tongue.
我不喜欢这个人, 他爱说刻薄挖苦的话
I know you dislike him, but you paint him too black.
我知道你讨厌他, 不过你把他说得太坏了.
He asked for immediate help from the United States to dismantle the warheads.
他请求美国立即提供援助，拆除这批弹头
At first she threatened to dismiss me, but later she relented.
起初她威胁要解雇我, 但后来她态度软化了.
He was out of sorts physically , as well as disordered mentally.
他浑身不舒服, 心绪也很乱.
Her actions manifested a complete disregard for personal safety.
她的行动表明她全然不顾个人安危.
The steaming apple pie tempted him to disregard his diet.
那热气腾腾的苹果馅饼把他诱惑得不去顾及自己需要节食
It is not easy to distinguish cultured pearls from genuine pearls.
辨别真正的珍珠与养殖的珍珠不容易.
Their uniforms distinguish soldiers, sailors and marines from each other.
从他们的军服可分清他们是陆军士兵 、 水兵和海军陆战队战士.
She was a distinguished oceanographer, and a gifted painter into the bargain.
她是一位杰出的海洋学家, 同时还是一位很有才华的画家.
For fear of disturbing others she spoke with bated breath.
因为怕打扰别人,她低声说话.
The boys went exploring in some disused workings, eg the shafts of an old tin mine.
那些男孩子到一些废弃的矿坑去探险(如旧锡矿的竖坑中)
Golf is my father's favourite diversion.
高尔夫球是我父亲最喜欢的娱乐.
Our party believes in encouraging cultural diversity, not diversion.
我们党鼓励多种文化, 而不是文化分歧.
I first got hooked on scuba diving when I was twelve.
12岁时我开始迷上了带水肺潜水.
If you sweeten him up he'll do the work for you.
你要是哄哄他,他就会帮你干活.
Are these pillars strong enough to keep up that dome?
这几根柱子撑得住那个圆形屋顶 吗 ?
The slowdown in domestic demand was offset by an increase in exports.
国内需求放缓和出口增长互相抵消了.
The three o'clock train arrived on the dot.
三点钟那班火车准时到达.
There were still areas of doubt and her apprehension grew.
有些地方仍然存疑,于是她越来越担心.
Let's try to clear up our difficult and doubtful points.
让我们设法把难处和疑点解决一下.
Everyone was doubtful at first, but his statement in detail held up.
起初大家都怀疑, 但他的详细叙述证明情况属实.
He had powerful enemies who engineered his downfall.
他的敌人势力强大,他们策划了他的下台.
I've been feeling much better since I started doing my daily dozen.
自从我开始每天做早操以来,我一直感觉身体好多了.
First, you have to drain the container of all the old oil.
首先, 你得从油箱中把所有的陈油都抽去.
Drain off the rest of the wine from this barrel.
把桶里剩余的酒排出去
The defect in the drainage must be remedied.
这排水系统的缺陷该设法补救
Bad drainage caused the land to be flooded.
排水不利容易使土地淹水.
Our way of life has changed dramatically over the last ten years.
在过去10年里我们的生活方式发生了巨大的变化
The thunder crashed dramatically.
雷声震耳欲聋
Shall we call it a draw, or play it out?
我们是算平局呢还是继续比赛决出胜负?
We must draw a clear distinction between right and wrong.
我们必须明确区分是与非
The days begin to draw in after the summer solstice.
夏至之后白天开始变短
He stowed his passport away safely in a drawer.
他把护照妥善保存在抽届里
What are you burrowing around in my drawer for?
你在我抽屉里乱翻 什么 ?
Her heart was relieved of its blankest dread.
她极度恐惧的心理消除了
Children dread the derision of their playmates.
孩子们害怕受到同伴的嘲笑
These dreadful people bring down the tone of the neighbourhood.
这些讨厌的人败坏了这一地带的风气
After a long drill, the commander told his men to fall out.
在操练了很长时间以后, 指挥官命令士兵们解散
The electric drill can also be used as a screwdriver.
这把电钻也可用作螺丝刀
He is on a saline drip.
他正在输盐水
Everything he said drip ped acid.
他的话里字字句句都带着刺
People who drives when they are drunk should be heavily penalised.
醉酒驾车的人应受重罚
He uses some dubious shifts to get money.
他用一些可疑的手段去赚钱
I received nothing except what was due to me.
除了我应得的东西,我并未接受任何东西.
Due to low investment, industrial output has remained stagnant.
由于投资少, 工业生产一直停滞不前
He was pulling dead roots from the dusty earth.
他正在从土中拔出枯死的根茎.
The dirt road became dusty as it baked under the summer sun.
在夏天烈日的暴晒下,泥路变得满是尘土
Both city and town dweller should pay tax.
城镇居民都需要纳税
No wool is so white but a dyer can dye it black.
任何白羊毛都能被染
Either dye or paints are used to colour cloth.
不论是染料还是颜料都是用来染布的
He eagerly requested loan from the bank.
他迫切地要求银行给予贷款
Five hundred pairs of eyes were fastened upon him eagerly.
五百双眼睛热切地盯着他
our education will equip you to earn a good living.
你所受的教育会使你过上富裕的生活
Unskilled workers usually earn less money than skilled workers.
无技能的工人通常比有技能的工人挣钱少.
His mind was at ease and he felt confident in the future.
他心情舒畅,对前途很有信心
You should ease up on the child and stop scolding her.
你应该对那个孩子宽松些,不要再骂她了
An assistant one day a week would ease my workload.
每周有一天配一个助手就会减轻我的工作负担
The diseased tissue can be easily invaded by these microorganisms.
有病的组织容易被微生物侵袭
John was in his salad days then and fell in love easily.
约翰当时少不更事,轻易就坠入了情网
Members who are no longer welcome can easily be frozen out.
不受欢迎的人很容易被排挤掉
Experts regarded it as a warning signal of an economic smashup.
专家们把它看作是一场经济灾难的警告信号
He contrasted the two different economic systems in his speech.
他在演讲中对比了两种不同的经济制度
The editor of the magazine was hard up for material.
那家杂志的编辑缺少材料
The President's speech was an effective apology for his foreign policy.
总统的演说是对其外交政策的有力辩护
Dark glasses are an effective shield against the glare.
墨镜能有效地遮挡强光
We can make big savings on fuel through greater efficiency.
我们可通过提高效率大量节省燃料
A quietly efficient manservant brought them coffee and brandy.
一个不起眼而能干的男仆给他们端来了咖啡和白兰地
The heating system has recently been modified to make it more efficient.
暖气设备最近已进行了改造,使其效率得到提高
His elder sister had been his guide, counsellor and friend.
他姐姐过去一直指导他, 给他出主意,是他的朋友.
Carbon is an element, while carbon dioxide is a compound.
碳是一种(化学)元素, 而二氧化碳则是一种化合物
I am out of my element when people start talking about music.
人们一谈论起音乐我就感到茫然
He is about to embark on a new business venture.
他就要开始新的商业冒险活动
The baby's head was starting to emerge from the womb.
婴儿的头开始从母亲的子宮中露出来
It's still hard to tell who will emerge victorious.
鹿死谁手尚难逆料
She was inhibited from making the decision to emigrate by the thought of her mother's loneliness.
她因担心母亲会感到孤独而不能作出移居国外的决定
It is unlawful for factories to emit black smoke into the air.
现在,工厂往空气中排黑烟是违法的
A wide range of emotionally stressful events may trigger a relapse.
多种令人情绪紧张的事情都可能引起旧病复发
We were led to a fenced enclosure.
我们被带到一处用篱笆围住的场地.
When you sew up to this end, fasten off the thread.
当你缝到这头时, 把线打个结
Einstein's theory links energy with mass and velocity of light.
爱因斯坦的理论把能量同质量和光速联系起来
The lads'energy pleased him but their recklessness worried him.
小伙子们的劲头使他高兴,他们的冒失又使他担心
He has heard the words and they engrave a memory.
不过话他还是听在耳里,留在记忆之中了
The whole holiday was really enjoyable, from start to finish.
整个假期自始至终都很好,玩得很愉快
The television programme is designed to educate and not merely to entertain.
这个电视节目不仅是为了娱乐而且是为了教育而设计的
It's not just mindless entertainment, it's a film with a message.
它并不是一部没有意思的娱乐片, 而是一部有寓意的影片
We set about our task at once with great enthusiasm.
我们立刻兴致勃勃地干起来
In these matters Olympias was an expert and an enthusiast.
在这些事情上,奥林匹阿斯是个内行,是个热衷的人
He had opposed George's entry right at the beginning.
他起初就反对乔治加入
She is envious of Jane's good looks and covetous of her car.
她既忌妒简的美貌又垂涎她的汽车
They came to an accord that profits should be shared equally.
他们达成协议,收益由大家均分
The tick escaped from Tom, presently, and crossed the equator.
扁虱很快就从汤姆这边逃出去, 爬过了界线
Your education will equip you to earn a good living.
你所受的教育会使你过上富裕的生活
They loaded themselves with food, medical supplies, and oxygen equipment.
他们携带了食物 、 医疗器具和氧气设备
It emerged as the most intractable issue of our era.
它成了我们时代最难解决的问题
The room had the elegance of a bygone era.
这个房间有着旧时代的优雅
Make light pencil lines so that they will erase easily.
划铅笔线要浅些,便于擦掉
Nothing can erase the incident from his memory.
没有什么东西可以使他忘记那件事
His tiredness caused him to make a regrettable error.
他由于疲劳而犯了个令人遗憾的错误
It is essential for us to know all the facts.
对我们来说,了解所有的事实是必要的
The essential thing is that the two of you ought to agree.
根本的问题是你们俩应意见一致
The painter's estimate for painting the whole house was 1000 dollars.
油漆匠对油刷整个房子的估价是1000美元
We estimate the cost to be five thousand dollars.
我们估计费用为5000美元. 换一句
The evening party will take place on New Year's Eve.
晚会将在除夕那天举行
His accession to the important post was a big event.
他就任这一重要职务是一个重大事件
New evidence has emerged which supports the accusation against her.
新出现的证据支持对她的指控
The difficult operation will exact all the doctor's skill.
这困难的手术将需要这位医生拿出全部本领来
His treatment of his secretary was a blatant example of managerial arrogance.
他管理的傲慢作风在他对待秘书的态度上表露无遗
In his speech he held out a special example.
他在讲话中举了一个很特别的例子
Would you kindly make an exception for us this time?
请给通融一下
Everyone should keep discipline and you are no exception.
每个人都应该遵守纪律,你也毫无例外
The Fragrant Hills are exceptionally beautiful in late autumn.
深秋的香山格外美丽
An exceptionally violent cyclone hit the town last night.
昨晚异常猛烈的旋风吹袭了那个小镇
I should like to exchange a few words with you in confidence.
我想私下和你交换点意见
The hotel charges 6 pounds a day, exclusive of meals.
这家旅馆一天收六英镑, 不包括饭钱
This bathroom is for the President's exclusive use.
这间浴室是总统专用的
He often goes to the exclusive restaurants.
他经常去高级饭馆
We must exert ourselves to catch up with them, or it would be too late.
我们要急起直追, 否则就太晚了
The moist water of the earth is exhausted by evaporation.
土地中的水分全被蒸发光了
The first exhibit was a knife which the prosecution claimed was the murder weapon.
当庭出示的第一件证物是一把刀,据原告称是谋杀凶器
They eke out a precarious existence foraging in rubbish dumps.
他们靠在垃圾场捡垃圾维持着朝不保夕的生活
He's doing a month's unpaid work experience with an engineering firm.
他正在一家工程公司无偿工作一个月以获得工作经验
He's doing a month's unpaid work experience with an engineering firm.
他正在一家工程公司无偿工作一个月以获得工作经验
I admire those explorers who ventured forth to explore new lands.
我敬佩那些为发现新大陆而外出的探险家们
I feel impelled to express grave doubts about the project.
我觉得不得不对这项计划深表怀疑
I would like to express my appreciation and thanks to you all.
我想对你们所有人表达我的感激和谢意
The police offered no expression of regret at his wrongful arrest.
警方对错抓他没表示出丝毫歉意
He listened to her story with a stony expression.
他带着冷漠的表情听她讲经历
We shall have to extend the payments over an additional period.
我们得把付款期再推延一段时间
In this area , the plains extend for hundreds of li.
方圆几百里都是平原
The extinct volcano's eruption would mean a cataclysm for the city.
死火山又重新喷发,对这座城市来说意味着大难临头
Nothing could rekindle her extinct passion.
她激情已逝,无从心回意转
We of the younger generation extol the wisdom of the great leader and educator.
我们年轻一代崇拜那位伟大的引路人和教育家的智慧
If you extol dawn, then ask you to embrace night too?
如果你曾歌颂黎明, 那么也请你拥抱黑夜?
She has a marvellous voice with an extraordinary range.
她歌喉甜美,音域奇广
It's extraordinary that the American girl Jane speaks Chinese so fluently.
这位美国姑娘珍妮中文讲得如此流畅,实属罕见
You should exercise extreme caution when driving in fog.
在雾中开车要极为小心
He screwed up his face at the nasty smell.
闻到这令人作呕的气味,他皱眉蹙额
They were to surrender immediately or face total annihilation.
他们要么立刻投降,要么面临全歼的命运
In the east we could see the first faint glimmer of dawn.
我们可以看到东方的第一缕曙光
Suddenly feeling faint, he measured out his length on the floor.
他突然感到头晕, 跌倒在地
He looked so honest that I accepted his story on faith.
他看上去很诚实,我就不加怀疑地相信了他的话
They swore an oath to carry out their duties faithfully.
他们宣誓忠实履行自己的职责
The fame to which he aspires was beyond his reach.
他追求的名誉乃是他所不能及的
He harvested rewards in fame and wealth for his successful experiment.
他因试验成功而名利双收.
Many of the dancers at the fancy dress ball wore colourful masks.
化装舞会上的许多跳舞者戴着五颜六色的面具
He patched together a mask for the fancy party.
他为参加化装舞会匆匆制作了一个假面具
He seemed to have taken quite a fancy to her.
他似乎相当喜欢她
After breaking out of jail, he hid out in a deserted farmhouse.
他越狱后躲藏在一个无人居住的农舍里
We fell for the farmhouse as soon as we saw it.
我们对那所农舍一见倾心
He had a deep fascination with all forms of transport.
他对所有的运输工具都很着迷
His letters have been a source of fascination to a wide audience.
广大观众一直迷恋于他的来信
He found great fascination in her quiet, frank manner.
他迷恋她娴静 、 坦率的举止
Dade picked a dress in fashion for his girlfriend.
达德给他的女朋友挑了一件时髦的裙子
The marriage began in a stormy fashion, but soon settled down.
新婚生活非常热烈, 但不久就平静下来了
Fasten onto what the official broadcasting station is saying.
注意官方电台是怎么说的
The sale netted a fat profit for the company.
这次销售为公司赚得了丰厚的利润
The waistline is usually the first area where fat accumulates.
最先有脂肪堆积的部位通常是腰部
Hot climate and plentiful rainfall favour the growth of plants.
炎热的气候和充足的雨水有助于植物生长
His arguments in favour of a new school are very persuasive.
他赞成办一座新学校的理由很有说服力.
The boss of the ballroom excused them the fee.
舞厅老板给他们免费
An initial fee is payable to the franchiser.
应该付给经销商一笔先期费用
The old couple have no one to do housework; they have to fend for themselves.
没有人为两位老人做家务; 他们得自己照顾自己
You are expected to fetch and carry for everyone in the office.
希望你听候办公室所有人的差遣
Facer has fainted; this bucket of water should fetch him round.
费塞昏过去了, 这桶水可以使他苏醒过来
I saw the child reading a science fiction comic.
我看见那孩子在看一本科幻连环漫画杂志
Fiction writing as a means of living is no easy task.
写小说作为一种谋生手段绝非易事
He knocked the tiger about fiercely until it lay dead.
他挥拳痛击老虎,直到把它打死在地
They brushed aside every difficulty and pushed on fiercely.
他们不顾一切困难,向前推进
Figure the situation to yourself, what can I do?
你设身处地想想, 我能做什么?
Suddenly I saw a tall figure approaching toward the policeman.
突然间我看到一个高大的身影朝警察靠近
The file on this man has been telexed to Paris.
这个人的档案已被电传到巴黎
Teachers always judge their students on the final examination.
老师常根据期末考试来评价他们的学生
The photo was final proof of her husband's infidelity.
这张照片最终证明了她丈夫的不忠
They set fire to the city and massacred all the inhabitants.
他们放火烧了这座城市,而且屠杀了所有的居民
We had to break the door out to escape from the fire.
我们不得不把门砸开以逃避火灾
he flames of the fire licked the sides of the fireplace.
火焰卷烧着壁炉的边缘
Make sure the washer is firmly seated before tightening the pipe.
旋紧水管之前,检查一下洗衣机是否已牢牢地固定在底座上了
A wooden stake was driven firmly into the ground.
木桩被牢牢钉进土地里.
Anyone who violates law and discipline must firmly be slapped down.
对于任何违法乱纪的人都必须坚决予以打击
Though we all got out to examine the fissure, he remained in the car.
我们纷纷下车察看那个大裂缝, 他却呆在车上
Ground fissure is the main geological disaster in Xi an city construction.
地裂缝是西安市主要的工程地质灾害问题
He reckoned he should make a better fist at farming than educating.
他认为自己搞农业会比教育更成功
We shall have to trim our spending down to fit our income.
我们只得削减开支以使收支平衡
Like a flash of lightning, the meteor shot across the sky.
流星像一道闪光划过天空
I unluckily had a flat tire on the way here.
到这儿来的路上,不幸我的车胎泄气了
Citizens were forced to flee the besieged city.
居民被迫逃离这座被围困的城市
She would wither and flicker out like a candle.
她会象烛光似的越来越黯淡和微弱
A flicker of interest soon turned into the burning flames of desire.
一丝情趣的星星之火未几演成了乾柴烈火
Strange thoughts float through my mind when I am nearly asleep.
我快睡着时产生一种奇怪的念头
When you're tired of swimming, just float for a while.
你游累了就漂浮一会儿
When a fish bites the hook, the float bobs.
当鱼上钩时, 鱼漂上下跳动
The conjunction of heavy rains and strong winds caused flooding.
大雨和大风加在一起造成了洪水泛滥
The recent flooding in the south was a calamity.
最近南方的洪水是一场灾难
When winter comes, some birds will fly away to the south.
冬天到来时, 一些鸟就会飞到南方去
he was a benevolent old man, he wouldn't hurt a fly.
他是一个仁慈的老人, 连只苍蝇都不愿伤害
The morning fog usually melts away as the sun rises.
晨雾通常在太阳升起时消失
The ship, with the help of radar, sailed in thick fog.
船借助于雷达在浓雾中航行
A period of acute depression can sometimes follow childbirth.
分娩之后可能会有一段时间的急性抑郁期
We shall follow closely the development of the situation.
我们将密切注意形势的发展
To follow the proposed course of action is to invite nemesis.
按照别人建议的行动步骤而行动就是自找报应
The town council passed a law forbidding the distribution of handbills.
市议会通过法律,禁止散发传单
The emperor issued an edict forbidding doing trade with foreigners.
皇帝颁布了一项不得和外国人做生意的敕令
Parliament has passed an act forbidding the slaughter of animals for pleasure.
议会通过了一项禁止杀生取乐的法令
It required a statesman's foresight and sagacity to make the decision.
作出这个决定需要政治家的远见卓识
No one had enough foresight to predict the winner.
谁也没有足够的先见能预测哪一个获胜
Willow trees breaking out into buds foretell the coming of spring.
柳枝绽青报春来
Astronomers can accurately foretell the date, time, and length of future eclipses.
天文学家能精确地预告未来日食月食的日期 、 时刻和时长
Forgive me for leaving some of your questions unanswered.
请原谅,你有几个问题我没回答
If you forgive men their trespasses, your Heavenly Father will also forgive you.
如果你们饶恕他们的过失, 你们的天父也必将饶恕你们的过失.
The neutrons and protons form the core of the atom.
中子和质子构成了原子核
Canals and rivers form the inland waterways of a country.
运河和江河构成了一个国家的内河水路
He was one of the most formidable intellects of his time.
他是他那时代的盖世奇才
In some stories, genies are always found inside a lamp or bottle.
在一些故事里, 灯里或瓶子中总是装有妖怪
We found a bountiful supply of coconuts on the island.
我们发现岛上有充足的椰子供应
The Ford Foundation allocated millions of dollars for cancer research.
福特基金会拨款数百万美元用于癌症研究
The foundation of the university took place 600 years ago.
这所大学是600年前创办的.
The theory made the greatest pretence of having a scientific foundation.
那学说号称最具有科学基础
Do not let the discussion fragment into a desultory conversation with no clear direction.
不要让讨论变得支离破碎,成为没有明确方向的漫谈
She read everything, digesting every fragment of news.
她什么都看，对新闻的每个片段都细细品味
here is a big black freckle on his face.
他的脸上有一个很大的黑痣
I have given him a free hand in the matter.
我让他在这件事情上放手干
I picked up a free booklet on tooth care at the dentist's.
我在牙医那里拿了一本关于牙齿保健的免费小册子
He has made free with the reading room after class.
课后他可以任意使用阅览室.
As I sit here all quiet
我静静地坐在这里
Wonder why we're apart
想理清我们分离的原因
And the noise from the city
来自城市的喧闹
Cuts a hole through the dark
却刺破了黑暗
As the nighttime is falling
当夜幕降临
And the day flies away
白日隐去
Can you hear me I'm calling
你是否能听见我正在呼唤
Can you hear me, I say
你是否能听见我说的话
And I would cross every river
我愿意渡过每一条河流
I would sail every sea
我愿意航行于每一片海域
I would climb every mountain
我会翻越每一座山脉
If it would bring you back to me
只要你能回到我身边
I would part every ocean
我会穿越每一个大洋
I would catch every star
我会捕获每一颗星星
I would cross every river
我会渡过每一条河流
To be right where you are
只为能够找到你
Baby lower your shoulders
亲爱的，卸下你的重担
And relax for a while
停下来休息一会
You've been running for ages
多年来你一直在奔跑
You have run all your life
你已经劳碌了一生
But you know there will always
但你知道
Be a part of you here
你的另一半始终停留在这里
So wherever life takes you
所以无论生活将把你带到何方
You will always be near
你都会一直在我附近
And I would cross every river
我愿意渡过每一条河流
I would sail every sea
我愿意航行于每一片海域
I would climb every mountain
我会翻越每一座山脉
If it could bring you back to me
只要你能回到我身边
I would part every ocean
我会穿越每一个大洋
I would catch every star
我会捕获每一颗星星
I would cross every river
我会渡过每一条河流
To be right where you are
只为能够找到你
Many things I should have done
我还有许多事情应该去做
Many miles I should have run
我还有路应该去跋涉
Many fights I should have won
我还有许多战斗必须去取得胜利
And if the stars fall down tonight
即使今晚有星星坠落
And all is lost no hope in sight
所有的东西都消失 再也看不到希望
I'll think of you and I'm all right
我也仍然会怀念你 只要一想起你，我就一切都好
And I would cross every river
我愿意渡过每一条河流
I would sail every sea
我愿意航行于每一片海域
I would climb every mountain
我会翻越每一座山脉
If it could bring you back to me
只要你能回到我身边
I would part every ocean
我会穿越每一个大洋
I would catch every star
我会捕获每一颗星星
I would cross every river
我会渡过每一条河流
To be right where you are
只为能够找到你