
You have to believe in yourself . That's the secret of success.
人必须相信自己，这是成功的秘诀。


You can’t have a better tomorrow if you don’t stop thinking about yesterday.
如果你无法忘掉昨天，就不会有一个更好的明天。


While there is life there is hope.
一息若存，希望不灭。


When there’s no expectation, losing won’t bring hurt, gaining makes you surprised.
不去期望。失去了不会伤心，得到了便是惊喜。


What today will be like is up to me , I get to choose what kind of day I will have.
今天什么样，完全由我决定，今天怎样度过，由我选择。


The man who has made up his mind to win will never say "impossible ".
凡是决心取得胜利的人是从来不说“不可能的”。


The road of life is like a large river,because of the power of the currents,river courses appear unexpectedly where there is no flowing water.
人生的道路就像一条大河，由于急流本身的冲击力，在从前没有水流的地方，冲刷出崭新的意料不到的河道。


There will be no regret and sorrow if you fight with all your strength.
只要全力地拼搏，就不会有遗憾，没有后悔。


Time is a bird for ever on the wing.
时间是一只永远在飞翔的鸟。


Time will never change and stop for any person.
时间不给任何人情面，也不会为谁而停留。


Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
今天，给一个陌生人送上你的微笑吧。很可能，这是他一天中见到的唯一的阳光。


Victory won't come to me unless I go to it.
胜利是不会向我们走来的，我必须自己走向胜利。


Walk the road you want to walk and do what you want to do , keep moving ahead and that’s not the silence of failure.
走自己想走的路，干自己想干的事，勇敢向前，这就是你不败的沉默。


We all have moments of desperation. But if we can face them head on, that’s when we find out just how strong we really are.
我们都有绝望的时候，只有在勇敢面对时，我们才知道我们有多坚强。


We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.
我们必须接受失望，因为它是有限的，但千万不可失去希望，因为它是无穷的。


The future is scary but you can’t just run to the past cause it’s familiar.
未来会让人心生畏惧，但是我们却不能因为习惯了过去，就逃回过去。


The first step is as good as half over.
第一步是最关键的一步。


The failures and reverses which await men - and one after another sadden the brow of youth - add a dignity to the prospect of human life, which no Arcadian success would do.
尽管失败和挫折等待着人们，一次次地夺走青春的容颜，但却给人生的前景增添了一份尊严，这是任何顺利的成功都不能做到的。


Success is the continuous journey towards the achievement of predetermined worth while goals .To live your life in your own way .To reach the goals , you’ve set for yourself . To be the person, you want to be ——that is success .
成功是不断向领先确定的有价值的目标前进的过程，用自己的方式生活，达到自己定下的目标，做出自己想做的人——这就是成功。


Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
成功是，你即使跨过一个又一个失敗，但也沒有失去热情。


Never, never, never, never give up.
永远不要、不要、不要、不要放弃。


Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
并不是你面对了，任何事情都能改变。但是，如果你不肯面对，那什么也变不了。


Nothing for nothing.
不费力气，一无所得。


Nothing in the world will stop me from loving you.
在世界上，没有任何事物能阻挡我对你的爱。


Nothing is impossible!
没有什么不可能！


One has no reason to end his life .Living is itself happiness.
一个人没有理由的结束自己的生命，或者本身就是一种幸福。


One thing I know,that is I know nothing.
我所知道的一件事就是我一无所知。


One's real value first lies in to what degree and what sense he set himself.
一个人的真正价值首先决定于他在什么程度上和在什么意义上从自我解放出来。


People neeed some courage in life, just like climbing a cliff .Although there are stemp ahead, you still fell some timorous and dare not go ahead. But when you conquer the timidity and reach the peak, you will feel the importance of courage as you enjoy the beautiful scenes. It is the same with life.
人生需要一点勇气和胆量，就如登一座悬崖峭壁的山峰，虽然上面都有云梯、搭好的台阶，可你就是有点胆怯，不敢向前，但你战胜了自我，到达了顶峰，看到了山顶的景色，你就会感到勇气和胆量是成功的标准人生何尝不是如此呢？


Real dream is the other shore of reality.
真正的梦就是现实的彼岸。


Sharp tools make good work.
工欲善其事，必先利其器。


Sometimes your plans don’t work out because God has better ones.
有时候，你的计划不奏效，是因为上天有更好的安排。


Standing firm is to challenge difficult courageously and to leave the smile after sccess to oneself.
坚强，就是勇敢的向困难挑战，把成功的微笑留给自己。


Never underestimate your power to change yourself!
永远不要低估你改变自我的能力！


Never give up, Never lose the opportunity to succeed
不放弃就有成功的机会。


Never allow yourself to get discouraged and think that your life is insignificant and can’t make a change.
永远别让自己气馁，不要认为自己的生命微不足道且无法改变


May I be strenuous, energetic and persevering !May I be patient! May I be able to bear and forbear the wrongs of others! May I ever keep a promise given!
愿我努力精进，勤奋不懈；愿我有耐心能容忍并宽恕别人的过错，愿我能信守自己立下的诺言。


Make yourself a better person and know who you are before you try and know someone else and expect them to know you.
在你想了解别人也想让别人了解你之前，先完善并了解自己。


I don’t long for luxurious life and gorgeous appearance , but I need a complete in habitation for sentiment.
我不渴望奢侈的生活，不追求华丽的外表，但我需要一个完整的情感栖息地。


I love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.
我喜欢这样的时刻：我抓到你正在看我，你笑了，然后害羞地别过脸去。


I will greet this day with love in my heart.
我要用全身心的爱来迎接今天


If they throw stones at you, don’t throw back, use them to build your own foundation instead.
如果别人朝你扔石头，就不要扔回去了，留着作你建高楼的基石。


If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn’t lead anywhere.
太容易的路，可能根本就不能带你去任何地方。


It's great to be great , but it's greater to be human.
成为伟人固然伟大，但成为真正的人更加伟大.


It's never too late to mend.
过而能改，善莫大焉（亡羊补牢，犹未晚也）


Life is a candle . If burned out , there will not chance for you to start again . Let’s value life.
生命像一根蜡烛，烧完了就没有机会了，从头开始。所以让我们珍惜生命吧！


Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take breath away.
生命的尺度不是寿命的长短，而是一生中有多少激动人心的时刻


Life without sinuations and frustrations is life the flower in greenhouse, which can not stand the challenge from wind and rain , frost and snow ,and will srely die away in the end .
不经历挫折和坎坷的生命，犹如温室里娇艳的花，经不起风霜傲雪的洗礼就会逐步走向自己的坟墓。


Make a note to yourself to start thinking more about what you have than what you want . If you do , your life will start appearing much better than before . For perhaps the first time in your life , you’ll know what it means to feel satisfied.
记住从现在开始，多想想你拥有的，而不是你想要的。如果你这样做，你的生活就会比以前更美好，或许你生平第一次懂得了心满意足的含义。


I can make it through the rain. I can stand up once again on my own.
我可以穿越云雨，也可以东山再起


I am a slow walker,but I never walk backwards.
我走得很慢，但是我从来不会后退。


Having a calm smile to face with being disdained indicates kind of confidence.
被轻蔑的时候能平静的一笑，这是一种自信。


A thousand-li journey is started by taking the first step.
千里之行，始于足下。


Achievement provides the only real pleasure in life.
有所成就是人生唯一的真正乐趣。


All things come to those who wait.
苍天不负有心人


An idle youth，a needy age.
少壮不努力，老大徒伤悲。


Cease to struggle and you cease to live.
生命不止，奋斗不息。


Challenge is needed for success.
成功需要挑战。


Dare and the world always yields. If it beats you sometimes, dare it again and again and it will succumb.
你勇敢，世界就会让步。如果有时它战胜你，你要不断地勇敢再勇敢，它就会屈服。


Diligence is the mother of good plough deep while shuggards sleep,you will have corn to sell and to keep.
勤奋是幸运之母；如果懒汉睡觉的时候你深耕土地，你就会有谷物出售和储存。


Do not, for one repulse, forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort.
不要只因一次挫败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。


Do what you say,say what you do.
做你说过的，说你能做的


Don't try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。


Dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do.
做你想做的梦吧，去你想去的地方吧，成为你想成为的人吧，因为你只有一次生命，一个机会去做所有那些你想做的事。


Every body is a star in the sky.
每个人都是天空中的一颗星。


Getting out of bed in winter is one of life’s hardest mission.
冬天，将自己从被窝里掏出来，是人生最难的任务之一了。


Great minds have purpose, others have wishes.
杰出的人有着目标，其他人只有愿望。


A person in the world must have his own business , no matter big or small . Only with recognition from the society can your life is meaningful.
人生在世总要做出一番事业，不管事业是大是小，总要让社会承认你的价值才不算枉活一世。


A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
只要一个人还有追求，他就没有老。直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。
